[AGENTRUN-230] Add support for a fips_mode value that will add the -fips image tagSuffix (#1835)
DataDog/helm-charts: charts/datadog/README.md

| existingClusterAgent.serviceName | string | `nil` | Existing service name to use for reaching the external Cluster Agent |
| existingClusterAgent.tokenSecretName | string | `nil` | Existing secret name to use for external Cluster Agent token |
| fips.customFipsConfig | object | `{}` | Configure a custom configMap to provide the FIPS configuration. Specify custom contents for the FIPS proxy sidecar container config (/etc/datadog-fips-proxy/datadog-fips-proxy.cfg). If empty, the default FIPS proxy sidecar container config is used. |

> | fips.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable fips proxy sidecar. The fips-proxy method is being progressively phased out in favor of FIPS-compliant images (refer to the `useFIPSAgent` setting). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| fips.enabled | bool | `false` | Enable fips proxy sidecar. The fips-proxy method is getting phased out in favor of FIPS-compliant images (refer to the `useFIPSAgent` setting). |
```
